README.md, before:

# Example Order management app
This app demonstrates a simple order management system using a
Spring/React/PostgreSQL stack. Sessions are handled by Spring Security on the
back-end and js-cookie on the frontend. A default Admin user is created with an
email of "admin@admin.com" and the password is "sosecret".

## Stack
- Spring: The API uses spring framework. It can be found in the `api/`
directory.

- React: The front end is written in React. It can be found in the `frontend/`
directory. Navigation within the app is handled by react-router-dom.

- Vite: runs the development version of the React front end and builds static
files for the production version. Vite provides HMR (Hot Module Reload) to
improve developer experience.

- Docker: Docker is used to containerize and run the application. It manages
all of the services and coordinates them.

- PostgreSQL: Database for the application. Using the official PostgreSQL and
connecting to it with Spring JPA.

- Nginx: used to server the static production version of the app, and also
proxies to the API in the production version.

## Running the app
The app is fully containerized so you can run it with docker by running `docker
compose up --build`

## Usage
The app will run on several ports after it is started. There is a development
version that will run on `localhost:5173` and A production version that will
run on `localhost:8085`. The database is available on `localhost:5432`. To
connect to the database, reference the password and username in the
`compose.yml` file. Finally, the api can be accessed directly on
`localhost:8081` and a swagger ui can be accessed on
`localhost:8081/swagger-ui/index.html`. Using the swagger-ui you can interact
with the API directly and bypass the React front end, and see the schema for
each end point.

Commit message:

Created entities and request dto

README.md, after:

# Example Personal Finanace App
This is an example of how you could create a person finance app with Java Spring, PostgreSQL and React.

## Stack
- Spring: The API uses spring framework. It can be found in the `api/`
directory.

- React: The front end is written in React. It can be found in the `frontend/`
directory. Navigation within the app is handled by react-router-dom.

- Vite: runs the development version of the React front end and builds static
files for the production version. Vite provides HMR (Hot Module Reload) to
improve developer experience.

- Docker: Docker is used to containerize and run the application. It manages
all of the services and coordinates them.

- PostgreSQL: Database for the application. Using the official PostgreSQL and
connecting to it with Spring JPA.

- Nginx: used to server the static production version of the app, and also
proxies to the API in the production version.

## Running the app
The app is fully containerized so you can run it with docker by running `docker
compose up --build`

## Usage
The app will run on several ports after it is started. There is a development
version that will run on `localhost:5173` and A production version that will
run on `localhost:8085`. The database is available on `localhost:5432`. To
connect to the database, reference the password and username in the
`compose.yml` file. Finally, the api can be accessed directly on
`localhost:8081` and a swagger ui can be accessed on
`localhost:8081/swagger-ui/index.html`. Using the swagger-ui you can interact
with the API directly and bypass the React front end, and see the schema for
each end point.
